---
title: Blog 2 Yr8
layout: post
author: lewis.fee
permalink: /blog-2-yr8/
source-id: 1xMtrXy0WwroBzZ_m9a2wA_WL3MY5irG9ychANTSsgXk
published: true
---
**Starting point:**

Setting up our FUZE computers and getting ready to start coding, and listening for instructions.

**Target for this lesson?**

To learn more about the technicalities of coding, and using code to complete equations.

**Did I reach my target?**

Overall, yes, but I could have been more creative with the assessments.

**How did I learn? What strategies were effective? **

I learned to use the code effectively by actually reading into the meaning of them, which helped me make more sense of everything I had to type, instead of just ignorantly reading and copying the commands down. One of the strategies I used to understand the instructions was to look either side of where one specific piece of code had been placed, examining the commands on the sides in question, which allowed me to understand the importance of that one piece of information.

**What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? **

One of the things that may have held me back a little was probably anticipating what was meant to come next. Doing this meant that sometimes I made an error in the execution of the code, which meant that we had to go back to, e.g Line 8, to change and *fix *the command there. Although I did not do this frequently, it was still detrimental to our progress.

**What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?**

I think that to be more efficient I will need to use the coding information booklet, and maybe be a bit more creative with how I design code, e.g. making the colours different, and researching how to use and execute different fonts and Font Scales. This will help show my level of understanding with how I code, demonstrating if I can use particular elements of information to personalise my piece.

